um, the big difference between working privacy you're in, like, say, is
working in the military, uh, would be the for one the tempo to the
stress level. And three. It's kind of tough to explain, but there's
there in the military you you're always under like the watchful eye
of something that I think that's the big thing. It's like you're you're
always under the microscope when you're in the military. So everything
that you say you do, you're being like scrutinized for you,
man. Watch for, say, for example, incident happens out in town, and
I'm in my uniform the difference between me being in that incident as
a civilian between and now, you know, in my uniform it's looked at
as, Hey, Naval Officer did X, y and Z. But if I was as a civilian,
it will just be J. D. V. This, you know, you represent a larger ah group
of people, a larger organization and I think that plays ah big
part into a person's like a day to day operations as faras the differences,
but also you get there. You know, there's like a different,
um, sense of. I guess you could say freedom as a civilian, as opposed
to been in the military. Because every day I think I like, Hey, I'll
be I don't I won't be I won't be anywhere permanently So this is
temporary for me, So I always have to go back to see I'll always be
moving. So those just, ah, few things that play into you know, the difference
is, I guess.